# Multi Token Standard Meeting - Monday 09/10/21 11:30 PM UTC (4:30pm PDT/ 7:30pm EDT)

## Location 
TBA

### Background
We're going to discuss the final call issues that came up in the PR principally concerning wallet issues and the spec finalization. 
I put together some enumeration thoughts. There's also been concern about approval management bifurcating or splitting the ecosystem so we'll 
check in about this to see if this original thought still holds true about approval management.


[Some Additional Enumeration Thoughts] (https://hackmd.io/tTHosvAHTjeEHRTFR7Vj1A)


[Prior Meeting Notes](https://github.com/shipsgold/multi-token-standard-impl/blob/main/meetings/2021-08-03-meeting-notes.md)
[Nep Issue](https://github.com/near/NEPs/issues/246)

[NEP](https://github.com/near/NEPs/pull/245)

[Derive or macro rules! or else](https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs/issues/422#issuecomment-844175394) 


### What you should bring
- Yourself 
- Openess to ideas 
- Thoughts on the meeting goals 

### Agenda
- Meeting Goals
- Follow up steps

### Meeting Goals 
- Get clear on remaining issues for the NEP
- set the stage for impl discussion. 
- next steps

### Resources 
https://github.com/near/NEPs/issues/246

https://github.com/near/NEPs/pull/245


[Multi Token Standard Talk So far](https://gov.near.org/t/multi-token-standard-discussion/2917)

[WIP: New asset class implementation ](https://github.com/shipsgold/multi-token-standard-impl/pull/1)

[WIP: ERC-1155 sans semi-fungible implementation](https://github.com/shipsgold/multi-token-standard-impl/pull/5)

[ERC-1155](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/1155)

[Multi Fungible Token Proposal for multiple NEP-141s](https://github.com/near/NEPs/pull/228)

[Non Fungible Token NEP-171](https://github.com/near/NEPs/discussions/171)

[Fungible Token NEP-141](https://github.com/near/NEPs/discussions/146)
